Xiao Chen, can we really go in?
It's a king's banquet
I heard that Wu Weijun will also come to the scene
Those who came to participate were undoubtedly not people of noble status
Let alone the Liu family
Even Lin Zai didn't receive the invitation letter
Don't worry, Qingxue
Liu Jialin's family is not qualified
It doesn't mean we don't have this barracks prince
Of course you are not eligible to participate
Parents and uncle, you Liu Qingxue
You bitch still have the face to call us
If it weren't for your broom star
I have to be with Xiao Chen, this trash
Will our Liu family be almost destroyed?
Fortunately, Master Lin gave us a chance to atone for our sins
And brought us to the king's feast
Liu Family
The Lin family dares to come to the king's banquet without an invitation letter?
That's funny.
Do we have an invitation? What the hell do you know?
It seems that the invitation letter to the king's banquet is you?
Young people are amazing
I got the gold from the Xiao family and want to go in
Let whoever he wants in
Mom and Dad, why are you talking to a beast like Lin Shaoyang?
Mixed together
Please choose to come over quickly.
back to shore
Quickly cut ties with this trash
Then Xiang Shao Ning knelt down and confessed his mistake
Today this prince
But our Liu family's last chance
Hey
People are wrong
I don't want Liu Ping to learn to listen to a song
This can be shown
Even if I die
I won't be as happy as Lin Shaoyang
Shameless beasts stand together
Shut up, you bitch, you're still obsessed
Be merciful
I can look up to you
That's the blessing you've earned in eight lifetimes
What if you don't know calligraphy in the mirror?
I will fulfill you today
Let you and this trash be a pair of Chongming mandarin ducks
Dead without a burial
It should be you who died without a burial place
This time, I will put Qingxue and Yaoyao's account
Count with you